[Music]
yes my boys told me okay where where are
you Chris where are you with friends so
what's the objective of this game you
throw each other off it your bumpers are
to grab you can like pick people up do I
pick you up you hold down the like to
stay puffed like marshmallow you a bite
no I got out there what are you like a
breaking mommy yeah I'm the great
powerful dollop what happened to Zach he
died instantly
yeah I was wrong wild bodyslam be just
your voice lately I need to get used to
the controls again forget how to play
[Music]
second that's freaking BS you got one
little gold star
[Music]
how do I live what happened died I guess
the cards disconnect is you haven't seen
this level before kill you that's
[__] where are you go
Brigid captain soft sir
yeah disgusting lies let slip they call
me in the industry yeah cuz it comes out
like that when I uh mine
well you just won that whole round [__]
yeah I am like a piece my end and I can
climb up this officers leg
you try tomar look at this I'm climbing
hey hold a and alternate left and right
arms you could jump a is jumpin if you
hold a you run yeah and if you rebel if
you let go of a I think it also triggers
a jump like sort of spider-man Ashley
like the climbing in this game is funny
okay Tomer I'm gonna die oh my hat my
head [__] killing me too much kill
that [__] cream oh my god Oh guys
thank you got knocked down oh I am
fighting for my few key
[Applause]
that's cool this is a lot of clinging
you going on I didn't know you could
grab on animals beards and [__] that's
amazing holding you by your beard
anything in this game that is like oh
[Applause]
[Laughter]
you're [__] you're out dude you're
[__] out of here my beautiful I
bought the bar chips and necklace will
be the obvious yeah how do you get out
of someone's grip I don't understand
try try fight bit I don't know I think
it works better that none of us are
actually experts
you think it used to be good at this
game I haven't played it in a while I've
never played this [__] crap so like
it's [__] crud I got out of it I have
a drunken master you [__] bastard
maybe try like flopping on the ground
there you go
you ready stuck I'm stuck in the snow if
you could grab the back so you can't
grab you back that's the key there we go
it's gonna be fun I can just smell the
best bail a voice of like a new
character Mele what's the character what
do you think there's like a cool family
guy chicken fight happen say you could
jump up that's what I did last time over
the ring
get off here No get off me this is so
good dude it's so much fun
how old is this game I never heard of it
like three years like the night before
it's older than that but I think it's
like baby updated the graphics are so
good we fell the trip in half of these
route dad with this just all ripping
each other into the [__] abyss it's
five winds to actually take the prize so
this is this is gonna be a true dorrance
marathon of combat it's all gonna take a
couple of hours I'm sure will freaking
learn you're [__] ready for it my
hats looking great
man this freakin sucks I don't want to
fight my friends to work
get the [__] actually guys I'm late
for the train you guys walking around a
bus stop it subway station have to push
you through people cone right there
that's for real experienced oh lord
Bragi once he killed six people with
nobody know you know New York's okay
this time let's move to the front of the
trains and it seems like it breaks off
oh there's planks we go oh man sack
really died back there goodbye I can't I
can't see [__] I'm just gonna stay here
I can't move yeah this is the worst
this all stupid there we go you're
between the two college is attached
Chris we'll just win by default I think
just standing in the front it's a nice
view Omar I think you need to detach man
it's over know what you'd attack I did
Oh oh god I'm getting pushed the night
I'm gonna try to recover whoa I'll
excuse sake will you will you fall down
and you'll hang on is there any real way
to get up is I'm a monkey knuckle
dragger the a what city the very bulky
like position ooh the buoys this is our
first level that we didn't know it was
going on now we get the replay with all
these new ideas come on man oh my god
Tobar sucked in water use lungs point
one second after Lyle did that's why you
wanted
that's Olympic rules enjoy beef
billboard that's how Michael Phelps won
everyone else drowned a second before I
think beef I was gonna say I didn't know
that you know that Michael Phelps did
you see like a hundred McNuggets before
he'd swim like oh I am well you're my
friend I'll help you
have you [__] Mackey's blog out by
pledging him grab me brother Chris did
you just present yourself come on
brother grab a it's like not letting me
climb up which directional way yeah I'm
giving you my little heavier give him
your hand give him your hand there's my
little feetsies can you kick him like a
deer chris is getting way too close to
winning you guys need a game Chris
you're like whitey the end of a crazy
nights on the floor oh [__]
did I break this thing oh oh
try to get me now I'm using all the
tactics a guy should use oh [__] my life
flash before my eyes with Lyle yeah
there we go grab it there you go
go let go that's mine now there's a
whole city of people below watching this
what are we fighting over a babe yeah
nobody gets it great now it's just gonna
expire Chris all that matters is the
babes saw that and she knew that we
loved her enough
[Music]